docs: sso group sync and supabase attribute mapping (#3803)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/self-host-user-management.mdx

</Note>

### SSO Groups Sync

<Note>
SSO Groups Sync on self-hosted requires LangSmith chart version **0.15.0-rc.3** (application version **0.15.1rc3**) or later.
</Note>

> [SSO Groups Sync](/langsmith/user-management#sso-groups-sync-alternative) reads group memberships from the OIDC ID token at login time and assigns org and workspace roles using the [SCIM naming convention](/langsmith/user-management#group-naming-convention). It is a lighter-weight alternative to [SCIM](/langsmith/user-management#set-up-scim-for-your-organization) for self-hosted organizations whose IdP can include groups in the OIDC token but cannot easily run SCIM provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SSO Groups Sync](/langsmith/user-management#sso-groups-sync-alternative) reads group memberships from the OIDC ID token and assigns org and workspace roles using the [SCIM naming convention](/langsmith/user-management#group-naming-convention). It is a simpler alternative to [SCIM](/langsmith/user-management#set-up-scim-for-your-organization) for self-hosted organizations whose IdP can include groups in the OIDC token but cannot easily run SCIM provisioning.
```
